In New York
city's war on crime,
the worst criminal offenders
are pursued
by the detectives
of the Major Case Squad.
These are their stories.
I'm going to connect
the robotic arm to the trocar.
We can start our
robotic prostate surgery.
Bloodless surgery
without scalpel.
- The surgeon controls
the robotic arm
from the console
guided by video.
- Wow, that's amazing.
Surgery of the future,
and it's here now.
- Thanks to your generosity.
Speaking of which,
any hints
on who will receive
this year's Langston grant?
- I'll announce
at the dedication.
- We're all
on pins and needles.
Till tonight.
- So do you think I could
take this thing for a spin?
Looks like a lot of fun.
- Why not?
The patient's already dead.
- Did you read
my amended proposal
on spinal cord regeneration?
- Uh, I did.
- Imagine a world
without wheelchairs,
wounded soldiers
walking again.
The military contract alone
will be worth a fortune.
- It's not about money.
- Says the man
with all the money.
- I see you still
like to make jokes.
- Langston played it
close to the vest.
Any of us could be
the winner tonight.
- Nice for you,
giving him the tour.
Last chance to self-promote.
- Don't worry,
he still hates me.
- You ask me,
Langston's a wannabe.
- Who personally controls
a $20 million research grant.
- Look, he flunked
out of bedford.
He made his fortune
developing a pill coating.
He's a pharmacist.
I don't even
want to go tonight.
- How bad can it be?
Cheese cubes, bad wine,
and we can bring a date.
How 'bout it,
you and me?
- Sorry,
I'm taking my mom.
- You really are
the good girl.
- You should see
these surgical robots, boy.
Tiny cameras
on the instruments.
Like you're actually
inside the human body.
- Fascinating.
That's a nice shirt.
- Yeah?
- Mm-hmm,
I like it.
- Hmm.
You know, I was thinking
I might drive.
Or do you want
to take a limo?
- Why don't you take the car?
I might have to duck out.
I feel a migraine coming on.
- Okay.
Ah.
- Look, daddy, it's you
fighting a dragon.
- Oh, yeah, it looks
just like me too.
You got the horns,
you got the wings,
you got the-
that's the dragon!
- Get going.
And I'm honored
to be here tonight
as head of Langston
pharmaceuticals
to dedicate the Da Vinci
surgical training suite.
And I'm proud to support
our next generation
of researchers,
the best and the brightest.
You young doctors,
who one day
will wipe out disease
and eradicate suffering.
So drum roll please.
It's time to announce
this year's winner
of the Langston
research grant.
Dr. Maya zhuang.
For her work
on creating a vaccine
to help cure
childhood leukemia.
Congratulations,
Dr. zhuang.
- I alady thanked Langston.
- Okay, thank him again.
It's a big honor.
Oh, Maya,
I'm so proud of you.
- Don't try and charm me.
I'm not an idiot, all right?
I know that you pour money
into the institution.
You think that it's gonna
save everything, okay?
No, I don't want
anything from you.
So stay away from me.
Stay away from me,
all right?
- This isn't a good time.
- Shh.
- And you're a phony,
and you're a son of a bitch!
All right?
- Stella, what are you
still doing awake?
- Where's daddy?
- He must still be
at the party.
- I've been calling him.
He won't pick up.
Why are you home so late?
- Uh, get her to bed,
florelle.
- Yes, Mrs. Langston.
- Night-night, Stella.
Advertise your product or brand here
contact www.OpenSubtitles.org today
- I--I need to report
a dead body.
Adriano_CSI
www.addic7ed.com
My husband's been missing
all weekend.
He's not answering his cell.
His office hasn't heard.
I'm worried sick.
- And when's the last time
you saw him?
- Friday night.
We were at an event,
the bedford institute.
He's a big donor there.
I left early.
- What time was this?
- About 9:00.
I had a migraine.
When I came home,
my daughter said that he
wasn't answering his cell.
- I don't mean
to be insensitive,
but were the two of you
having problems
in your marriage?
- None. We never fight.
Something must have
happened to him.
- Missing persons
has checked hospitals,
paramedics, the morgue.
No one matching
his description.
- Oh, maybe it was
a carjacking.
Police still haven't
found his Bentley.
- If he had the car,
how did you get home?
- I took the limo.
We went separately.
I had a migraine,
and I wasn't sure
I could manage
all the glad-handing.
- That's a very
impressive collection
of medical instruments.
Your husband's?
- Yes.
Ben made his money
in pharmaceuticals,
but he always dreamed
of being a doctor.
- Mommy, I'm scared
to be alone.
- All right, sweetie,
I'll be right there.
I'm sorry, detectives.
- Ben Langston seems to have
vanished into thin air.
He hasn't bought a plane,
train, or bus ticket.
- Langston's loaded.
Any indication this might
be a kidnapping?
- The wife hasn't
been contacted.
- Any evidence
of foul play?
- Well, the m.E.'S caught some
interesting John does
the last 48 hours,
none of them fitting
Langston's profile.
- Last call on his cell
was to his home at 9:30.
Two hours later,
he shut it off.
- Maybe someone who doesn't
want to be found.
- If he is holed up
with a mistress,
he's being discreet.
- Rich man, a lot to lose,
he'd be careful.
- He may have made
his first mistake.
They found Langston's Bentley
in a parking structure
at pier 92.
- That's a cruise ship
terminal.
See if any boats
left this weekend.
- Thanks.
So four cruise ships left
from the pier this weekend.
Langston's name wasn't on
the passenger list
for any of them.
Parking structure
security cameras
caught the car's entry
at 2:40 A.M. Saturday,
but the driver
was obscured.
- You know,
Langston is 6'2".
He's a little smaller
than I am.
This seat has been moved in.
He didn't drive this car.
There's a very nice feature
about this particular vehicle,
that the trunk is big enough
to fit a body.
- Smells like formaldehyde.
- If there was a body
in this trunk,
it was already embalmed.
A John Doe turned up in
riverside park Saturday morning,
unusual cuts on his body.
He was slit
from stem to stern
like a dissection.
- You hear about Ben Langston
taking a powder?
- No.
- Front-page news.
You gotta get out
of this lab more.
I could
help you with that.
- I'd rather hang out
with the rats.
- What did he want?
- Nothing.
He's a jerk.
- You know, that was
really nice the other night.
What I said,
it's just between us.
- Of course.
- Maybe we can do it
again sometime.
- I don't know, Sam.
I have a lot
of work to do.
- Well, in all my years
this is a first.
Body's already
been dissected.
- I smell formaldehyde.
Embalming fluid?
- Mm-hmm.
This gentleman's been dead
over a year.
Embalmed, refrigerated.
- So a medical school cadaver?
- Well, either that
or an escapee
from someone else's morgue.
- Bedford institute
has a medical school.
They must use cadavers.
- He was found propped up
in riverside park.
He was wearing a suit.
- Uh, it's pink.
The missing persons report
on Langston
said he was wearing
a pink dress shirt,
dark-gray pinstripe suit.
- Let's find out if bedford's
lost any bodies.
- Oh, yeah, that's popeye.
- Popeye?
- For the anchor tattoo
on his biceps.
The students usually give their
cadavers a nickname.
His real name was
Joseph slobotnik.
He was in the Navy.
Died of meningitis.
His family donated
his body to bedford.
- Any idea how Mr. slobotnik
ended up in riverside park
Saturday morning?
- There is a code of ethics
regarding cadavers,
but it's a high-stress
environment
and we do have pranks.
- Oh, you have--
you have pranks.
What kind of pranks?
- Taking a cadaver
out to a party.
Posing with them.
Putting the pictures
up on Facebook.
- Try and stay
in one place.
So who has access
to this cadaver room?
- Well, we have
a key code lock,
but the number
gets out, so...
- We'll need to look
at the refrigerator
where you usually store
Mr. slobotnik.
- Of course,
but it's the end
of the semester.
Slobotnik's cadaver
was scheduled to be cremated
on--today.
His coffin was picked up
by a driver
from woodhurst funeral home
in yonkers
at 6:00 this morning.
- Some families
who have donated cadavers
elect to have a funeral.
Some just want us
to dispose of the remains.
Joseph slobotnik's
getting the full service.
- The body you cremated,
we have reason to believe
it might not be
Mr. slobotnik.
- Um, that's, um,
that's distressing.
- Now where are the remains?
- What am I going
to tell the family?
- Tell them they might want
to reschedule.
- Hello, Ben Langston.
The lab couldn't pull
any DNA from the cremated ashes,
but they did recover
a titanium pin.
The serial number
matches a pin
inserted into Langston's foot
15 years a ago.
- So the ashes are Langston.
So somebody killed him,
switched his body
with a cadaver?
That's pretty elaborate.
- Killer dressed the body
in Langston's clothes.
He propped him up
in the park,
make it look
like a prank,
buy time while
Langston's body
was being cremated.
- Congratulations,
it's a homicide.
- With no crime scene,
no cause of death, no motive,
and our victim was last seen
at an event
with 100 suspects.
- You'll earn
your paycheck this week.
Now wasn't Langston
at that event
to award a $20 million grant?
Maybe one of the losers
took offense.
- Langston's dead?
That's terrible.
- Did you know him well?
- Just by reputation.
He did a lot for bedford.
- I read your grant proposal.
It was very impressive.
A successful
plaque-removing drug,
that could eventually
eliminate heart disease.
- Yeah, well,
coronary disease
is the number one
killer in the world,
and it's entirely
preventable.
Closer in our sights
than curing cancer.
- You must have been
disappointed
when you didn't hear
your name called.
- Part of the game.
- Friday night,
what time did you leave?
- Around 10:00
I went home.
- Can anyone verify that?
- Are you asking me if--
I live alone.
I did go out
after midnight
to meet a colleague
at a bar, Dr. zhuang.
- Maya zhuang,
the grant winner?
- Yeah.
- You must have had
a lot to talk about.
- I congratulated her.
Look, I have to go.
I'm sorry, I have a seminar
at Sloan-kettering.
- I'm late for
an appointment off-campus.
- This is not gonna take
a lot of your time.
- Friday night, did you
meet up with Dr. Harris?
- Sam? Yes.
At McSorley's
for a few drinks.
- What time was this?
- Oh, I don't know.
Midnight maybe.
- Till when?
- Past one.
The push for grant money
is intense.
I thought we needed
to take a break.
- Sam say anything about
Ben Langston that night?
- Well, obviously we talked
about the grant.
- Hey.
- That's my mom.
- Maya, hi.
- Hi.
These are detectives.
They're asking about
Ben Langston.
- Oh, it's a terrible thing.
Do you know what happened?
- Oh, uh, well, we're
still investigating.
- Well, they should talk
to the Dean
about the incident
last year.
- I don't think that has
anything to do with this.
- Ben Langston was furious.
- What incident was this?
- One of the researchers,
Theo Kendall,
made a joke
at the benefit last year.
He was reprimanded
by Dean Johnson.
- Theo Kendall,
one of the grant finalists?
- I'm sure it all blew over.
- Maya zhuang
needs to relax.
She's had a stick up her ass
about me for years.
- Oh, you mean
the harassment complaint
she filed against you?
- It was dropped.
I was joking.
- You put an embalmed penis
on her desk.
Sounds hilarious.
- Come on,
it was fun.
Work is stressful.
Laughter breaks the tension.
- Yeah.
We're more interested
in the laughs you got
at Langston's expense.
- The prank you pulled.
The Dean was mortified
when she told us about it.
She was more upset
to find out
you still had this up
on your Facebook page.
A prank with a cadaver
as Lauren Langston?
You slipped this picture
into a fundraising reel
in front of a room full
of board members
and benefactors?
- That's what
this is about?
Again, just a joke,
and I apologized.
- Langston didn't seem
too amused.
He pulled you
from the running
for the grant last year.
- His money,
his prerogative.
- And then passed you
over this year again.
- You guys are sharp.
- You know, jokesters,
they have trouble
with authority.
Maybe you resent Langston.
You know, you resent the fact
that your career
depends on the whim of these
deep-pocket benefactors,
these non-doctors who couldn't
possibly understand your work.
- I had no problem
with Langston.
- This is a nice piece.
Langston, he also collects
antique instruments.
- Oh, I didn't know.
- Yeah.
Theo Kendall showed us
his antique microscope.
Was that a gift
from your husband?
- It might have been.
Ben was generous that way.
- Even after Theo
dressed up a cadaver
with your name on it?
- Ben was upset
about that prank,
but I actually
thought it was funny.
- Is that why he passed over
Dr. Kendall
for the research grant?
- Ben was a fair person.
He judged the projects
on their merits.
- Theo Kendall
might not have thought so.
- You don't believe
that Dr. Kendall--
- we think someone at bedford
murdered your husband,
Mrs. Langston.
- But it wasn't
Theo Kendall.
- It wasn't?
How do you know?
- He just doesn't
seem the type.
- She's in her room
reading Harry Potter.
You said I could leave
at 6:00.
- Oh, if you have to go, go.
- Do you mind if I use
your bathroom?
- Um, down the hall.
- My niece loves
Harry Potter.
- My favorite character
is Hermione.
- Mine too.
I'm really sorry
about your dad, Stella.
- I miss him.
- Friday night
when you called him,
was that because you were
scared to be alone?
Your mom was home though,
right?
Was it just your nanny?
Is that why
you were afraid?
- I woke up
and went into the room,
but the bed was empty.
Then my mom came home.
I could tell
she had a playdate.
She seemed fuzzy.
- Playdate.
With who?
- She was always talking
to him on the phone.
I think his name was Theo.
- Theo?
My client
lied to the police
to protect the reputation
of a married woman.
He was with Lauren Langston
Friday night.
He still coulda
killed her husband
after his rendezvous.
- I didn't murder Langston.
- You were ang at him
for passing you over
for the grant.
Is that why you
seduced his wife?
- I don't know, maybe.
I seduce a lot of women.
- Because it's fun?
- Is that necessary?
We're here to cooperate,
detective.
- It's all right, Serena.
Yeah, sex is fun.
And you know what,
killing somebody,
that doesn't sound fun.
- Not like playing pranks
with dead bodies?
- That doesn't make me
a murderer.
- Theo didn't do it.
He and I were together
Friday night
at the ritz-Carlton.
- Driver told us
he dropped you off at 9:30.
- I took a cab
to the hotel.
My nanny covered for me.
If Ben had come home,
she would have said
I was at my sister's.
- We can provide evidence
that my client
and Theo Kendall
were in room 734
at the ritz-Carlton
from 10:00 until 3:00 A.M.
Saturday morning.
- I lied to protect Stella.
I'm guilty of infidelity.
I'm not a murderer.
I loved Ben.
- Another marriage
built on true love.
We get a lot of that
around here.
- Ben was just so...
Single-minded.
He was so consumed
with his legacy.
- You said that you two
never fought.
- That's true.
- Is that because
there was no passion?
Dr. Kendall make you laugh?
- I went to his lab
to tell him I wasn't
offended by the prank.
And we started talking,
and...
Yes, he made me laugh.
- You were at the event.
You have access
to the cadaver room.
You're a trained surgeon.
How'd you kill him?
You slit his throat
with a scalpel?
- When I left the party,
Langston was alive.
Alive and well,
talking to Sam Harris.
- What about?
- I don't know,
but they were intense.
I figured Langston
wouldn't notice
that I followed his wife
out of the room.
- Yes, I did speak
to Langston that night.
So did a lot of people.
- We have a witness says
you two were pretty heated.
- Okay, look, I may have
called Langston a phony,
but in private,
to colleagues.
- Why a phony?
- He said he wanted
to help people,
and I think for him
it was more about ego.
- Is that what you talked about
with him on Friday night?
- No.
- What did you talk about?
- I told him I thought
the leukemia vaccine
was a worthy project.
And no,
no one can confirm that.
Look, are you asking me
if I killed Langston?
- Did you?
- No.
I had no reason to.
And I feel like I've
wasted enough brain cells
talking about the man.
- So Sam Harris and Ben Langston
do have some history.
Sam was arrested
for trespassing
six years ago
at Langston pharmaceuticals.
A protest against
animal testing.
- That's interesting.
Medical researchers
like Sam,
they rely
on animal testing.
- The charges were dropped.
A woman was arrested with him,
Claire Morton.
- I met Sam on the bus.
I thought he was cool,
a med student.
We dated a while.
- How did you two end up
getting arrested
at Langston pharmaceuticals?
- I heard they were testing
drugs on, like, monkeys,
which is uncool.
So I staged a protest.
Sam came with.
- Sam was against
animal testing?
- He said he was.
I don't know,
he was pretty fragile.
His mom had just died.
- So what happened
at the protest?
- A bunch of us
picketed the entrance,
signs, chants, demanded
to see Ben Langston.
After a few hours, I figured
we'd made our point.
- Langston ever show?
- No.
And Sam got weird.
He refused to leave,
said Langston
couldn't treat us like that.
I guess his mom
used to work with the guy.
Anyway, Sam and I broke up
when I saw
the white mice in his lab.
Hewore they were happy,
but their eyes looked sad.
- Even he wants out
of the rain.
- Thanks.
Regina Harris, Sam's mother,
worked at quoro labs
in Philadelphia
from 1982 until 1986,
the same time
as Ben Langston.
- So his wife said
that Ben was dating
a lab tech when they met.
- Yeah. Regina and Ben
both quit quoro in 1986.
Ben moved to New York,
married Lauren.
- Sam Harris was born
nine months later
in Philadelphia.
When'd you find out that
Ben Langston was your father?
- He's not my father.
- He and your mother dated.
You were born nine months
after they broke up.
- I meant he's not
a real father in any sense.
He's a sperm donor.
He left me and my mother
like--like trash.
- That's what
your mother told you,
that she felt abandoned
by Langston?
- She was abandoned.
- Did she ever try
to contact him
to get child support?
- Yeah, of course she did.
She wanted
what's best for me.
- So Langston,
he just ignored you?
- He couldn't be bothered.
- He denied you.
- He denied us both.
- So you spent
your whole life
trying to be better
than him.
You became a doctor,
a brilliant researcher.
Everything that he wasn't.
- I am better than him.
- Hey, hey, sit down.
Sit down.
So what happened
Friday night?
He denied you the grant,
and that was
the last straw for you?
He's denied you
your whole life,
so you confronted him.
- I didn't even
want his money,
his precious grant.
Listening to him
spew his lies,
how he cares
about people.
I said he should have
cared for my mother,
for me.
- Maybe he didn't know
you even existed.
- Are you calling
my mother a liar?
- We checked records.
No request
for child support.
No public record
of Langston as your father.
- He is a monster.
He used my mother.
He got her pregnant
and then ran off
and married somebody else.
I listened to her cry
every single night.
Look, he got
what he deserved.
I hate him.
- Your mother,
she loved you a lot.
- She did.
- Why wouldn't she try
to get something from him?
Anything?
Get some child support
from a multimillionaire
father.
Why wouldn't she try
to get anything?
She poisoned you
against him.
You killed Ben Langston.
- So Sam Harris
hated Ben Langston.
Enough to kill him?
- Parental alienation
is akin to brainwashing.
If he grew up hearing
that Langston was a bastard,
true or not,
he believes it.
- Maybe Langston
really was a bastard.
- That kinda thing is hard
to keep secret in a marriage.
Find out if Mrs. Langston
can shed some light.
- Ben had an illegitimate son?
This is news to me.
- That's something a husband
might want to hide
from his wife.
- No, no, Ben must not
have known.
- Well, you said yourself
that your marriage
wasn't ideal.
- Ben was all about
his legacy.
He adored Stella,
but he would have done
anything for a boy.
We tried but--
if Ben knew he had a son
who was a doctor,
he would have given him
grant money
from here to kingdom come.
- No, I don't believe you.
My mom said that she
begged him to help us.
- Did she show you
any evidence of that?
Phone calls, letters?
- She didn't have
to prove herself.
- Did she hire a lawyer?
- We could not afford
a lawyer.
- Please, do you know
how many lawyers
would take a paternity case
against a millionaire
on contingency?
- How did your mother react
when you told her
you applied to bedford?
- She wasn't happy.
It was empty nest anxiety.
- She didn't want you
to meet Langston.
She was afraid that he was gonna
take you away from her.
That's why she indoctrinated
you to hate him.
You killed a man
who would have loved
to have you for a son.
- I pulled him aside that
night after the reception,
and I yelled at him.
I was angry.
I told him
that I was his son.
- What did he say?
What did he do?
- He tried to hug me.
Said he'd fund all
of my research
as his top priority.
I called him
a son of a bitch,
and I left.
But I did not kill him.
Look, you can ask Maya
if you don't believe me.
- You told Maya?
- I never told anyone,
just--just Maya.
She called me that night
to get a drink.
I told her that Langston
was my biological father.
- When you met her
at the bar?
- Yeah.
Yeah, maybe it was
the beers,
maybe it was just cause
she was acting
like she liked me for once.
- She didn't usually
like you?
- No.
No.
Not like that.
Affectionate.
I thought maybe--
- what, that you'd
get lucky or...
- I misread the signals.
A couple of days later,
we were back to the friend zone.
I don't know,
maybe she was just being nice.
She could tell
I needed somebody to talk to,
so...
- If Sam Harris
killed Langston,
why would he confess
to Maya zhuang
that Langston was his father?
- He was shaken,
not thinking clearly,
and he thought
she was his alibi.
- Except she called him.
Yes, Maya's here.
She's studying.
- We just have
a few questions.
- I told Maya she should
stay away from work
until they catch
whoever did this.
Maya.
- Well, I already told you
I called Sam because
things had been tense.
- To clear the air after
the grant competition.
- That's right.
- It must have been
a surprise for you to learn
that Dr. Harris
was Langston's son.
- I guess he told you that.
Yes, it was pretty shocking.
What's this about?
Do you think Sam
killed Langston?
- Do you?
- I don't know.
He was upset.
- When you left Dr. Harris
at the bar,
it was 1:00?
- That's right.
- And did you come home?
- Actually I went
to a few more bars
to celebrate
winning the grant.
See?
- Yes, I do see.
Is that your sister?
It's a nice photo.
- Orli.
My older sister.
- Yeah, I--
no, it's just I haven't seen
any other photos of her
on the walls or...
- No, um, my mother
took them down
when orli moved out.
- That bedroom,
a shrine to achievement.
Maya grew up in a house
ere failure isn't an option.
- She didn't fail.
Langston awarded her
the grant.
- Maybe she had reason
to believe
that Langston might
change his mind.
She couldn't let
her mother down.
- Why should I talk to you
about my family?
- Are you afraid your mother
wouldn't like it?
She can't be too happy
about you working in a bar.
- Unlike my sister,
the doctor?
What's Maya done anyway?
- She could be in trouble.
You know, she kept a lot
of pictures of you
on her iPhone.
I think you mean a lot to her.
- No way she's done
anything wrong.
- It's very stressful
being perfect all the time.
Sometimes people,
they crack.
- Not Maya.
She never flinched,
never cried.
Not even the time my mother
threw out her dolls
because she missed a note
in her cello recital.
- You had a strict upbringing.
- No tv, no sleepovers,
no pets.
Maya got a "b" in chemistry,
so my mother
got rid of our dog.
That's when
my father walked.
- And you left too.
It was just the two of them.
No wonder Maya
felt responsible
for your mother's
happiness.
- She was living
my mother's life.
Classic good girl.
Maya didn't even want
to be a doctor.
She wanted to be an artist.
- She painted,
abstract florals.
- Yeah, how did you--
- I saw one of the paintings
in her bedroom.
- Maya thought
our mother's attention
was out of love.
It damaged her.
Why do you think
I had to leave?
- Rerun the test at 80%.
See if that increases
the protein level.
- Okay.
- I knew you'd be here.
I mean, you're hardly
anywhere else.
- More questions?
I'm kinda busy.
- Medical research,
it's so enervating, isn't it?
The hours,
the concentration.
You never take time
to relax, do you?
- I don't have the time.
- You never have any fun.
Certainly don't go
to four bars a night.
Just the photos
on your phone.
They were
a little phony.
You know,
I think you overcompensated.
You tried too hard.
And the call to Sam
to meet you at the club,
that was just
to alibi yourself, wasn't it?
- No, that's not true.
- Well, not entirely.
But you did know that Langston
was Sam's father
before Sam told you
because you overheard
the confrontation
between Langston
and his son.
So did someone else.
- Maya, stop talking.
- Mom, what are
you doing here?
- Your mother
was worried about you.
- I'm here to take you home.
- You always do everything
your mother says, don't you?
- We're leaving.
- You always have, right?
- Even becoming a doctor was
your mother's idea, wasn't it?
- That is absurd.
- We talked to your sister,
found out how she left,
how your father left,
how it was all your fault.
- No, no.
- Don't listen to them.
- Do you feel guilty
about that?
Your mother was unhappy,
so you wanted to do whatever
she told you to do.
But you could never
work hard enough, right?
Her standards
were unachievable.
- Whatever my mom did for me
was for my own good.
She wanted me
to reach my potential.
- The good girl,
the perfect daughter,
the one who
cleans up the mess.
- But you're not a killer.
You took a hippocratic oath.
First do no harm.
But your mother
didn't take that oath.
- So when you killed Langston,
Maya took care of it.
You switched the body
with a cadaver
slated to be cremated.
- You also overheard
that Sam was Langston's son.
You know,
any rational person
would think, well,
they announced the grant.
Maya won.
Did you know that Sam told us
that during the confrontation
his father told him
that he would get
research money.
See, you knew that.
You panicked,
because you believed
that from now on
he would favor his own
flesh and blood,
because that's
what you would do.
- No, I killed him.
I killed him!
I did it!
- Are you gonna let
your daughter take the fall?
Go to prison, death row,
for something you did?
Not very maternal.
- So you killed Ben Langston
because you had to,
because you couldn't
help yourself.
You had no choice.
- Mom.
Mom, no.
- Stop it.
- No.
- We heard Langston
and Sam talking.
I'd had a few drinks.
I asked Langston to come
to Maya's lab,
some excuse,
she'd show him test results.
Maya had no idea
what I was planning.
There was a centrifuge
on the counter.
It was heavy.
Langston sat down
with his back to me.
I picked it up,
I smashed him over
the head with it.
He fell over.
Maya was horrified,
but she said she could
get rid of the body.
- Then you switched Langston's
body with a cadaver
slated to be cremated.
You dressed the cadaver up,
made it look like a prank.
You put the cadaver
on a gurney,
wheeled it to Langston's car,
met Sam,
alibi'd yourself
at the other bars,
and then dumped the body
in the park
and left Langston's car
by pier 92.
- You can't prove
any of that.
You can't.
You can't prove
any of that.
- No, you made a mistake.
Dressing the cadaver
in Langston's clothes.
I guess your mother wasn't
there to help you out.
And you're not allowed
to make mistakes
because your dog
would get taken away.
You'd get taught a lesson.
You know what I think?
- I think your daughter
wanted to be caught.
Because you're a doctor.
And you save lives.
You don't take them.
- I'll sign
a full confession,
but only if
my daughter goes free.
- She covered up a murder,
disposed of the body.
- No, she did that
to protect me,
because I told her to.
- Mom! Mom!
- Stop it.
- No.
- A full confession,
and I won't
contest the sentence.
- No, no.
I love you, mommy.
I love you.
- Stop it!
No, I know.
Honey, I was hard on you.
I was strict.
But just look at you.
Look how brilliant
and accomplished you are.
My daughter
is not going to prison,
because she is going
to cure cancer.
- It's a beautiful day today.
- Yes, finally
we get a spring.
- You don't suppose we could
take this session outside,
do you?
I guess you've heard
that one before.
- We have more privacy
in here.
Or is that why you wanna
be outside?
- Do you always do that?
You think that everything
is about something else?
Or us?
- I was thinking
about last session.
I was challenging you
more than I had.
- You asked me if I--
if I'm lonely.
- Mm-hmm.
- You asked if I could ever
have feelings for some--
- romantic feelings.
- For someone I respect.
But you didn't
answer my question.
Is it too late?
- Um, you're worried
that you've missed
the boat?
I think as we start--
- can you stop?
Can you just--
you know, we don't have
a lot of sessions left.
You know, and I'm a big boy.
You know, I'm a grown man.
And what is it
that you said?
My emotional drawbridge,
it's up.
Okay, I can take it.
Just tell me if you think
I can have
what other people have.
You know, a home,
a relationship.
- If you wanna work
towards those goals,
then, yeah,
we can do that.
- "Work towards those goals."
What is that?
I mean,
what does that mean, no?
I mean, is that
couched-in shrink speak?
- I'm not the one
saying no or it's too late.
You are.
Where's this coming from?
- I mean, I look
in the mirror every day,
and I see what you see.
You know,
it's not working, this.
You know, I ask you
for your professional judgment,
and then you
turn it back on me.
I mean, come on,
you're smart.
You're someone
that I respect.
- And you want to know
if I see you as someone
capable of being
in a relationship.
- That's what--
you think that I'm
hitting on you, is that--
- no.
- Come on!
- That's not what
I was saying.
- No?
Look, I know what you do,
doctor.
You seem open,
empathic,
and you listen.
You know,
you're beautiful.
So you get your patients
to trust you,
and then you pull back.
You toy with them,
and that's your game,
isn't it?
- Detective--
- isn't it? Isn't it?
Look, this is not
working for me.
- I know that
I have inadvertently--
- you know, you should
call my captain,
or, you know, ONE P.P.,
or whoever
that you report back to,
and you should tell them
that I am not
a good candidate for therapy.
- I need you to help me
understand what I did wrong.
- If they want to take
my badge away again--
- right when you feel
you need to run--
- this isn't working.
It's not helping.
Support us and become VIP member
to remove all ads from www.OpenSubtitles.org